alright yeah this is just a quick review
on ios7 10.6 and i just wanted to show
you guys what is or what the update is
about and it should out there or not um
going to general software update iowa
7.0 points it it says i don't know if
you can see it but it says security of
their products for ssl connection
verification I don't one thing that uses
ssl verification and that is my gmail
account and I'm unable to get into my
gmail account so i'm pretty sure and i
hope this oh they will fix my gmail from
being over to connect with my mail app
should you updated on yes i know if you
have a jailbreak on your idevice i'll
keep it make sure you can make sure it's
alright to Jailbreak iOS 7.0 point 6
just wanted to make sure and check that
before you ugly I think it's already out
but you can open jailbreak someone's
open say that you want to get paid or
not so you can go ahead and install this
it's a great update that will hook most
of your security verifications it will
fix most of it they'll really hope your
iPhone out all right then so y'all going
up and go ahead and go in there and
update this of course i will go over
this morning
install this of the thing given last
night and woke up this morning sauce
I've here to shoot a quick video game
guys this morning and tell y'all a
little bit about some little whore takes
anything should update or not so this is
my torial on some point 0.6 on just you
guys can go and update it don't care
about children and hold off him you want
to jailbreak hold on keep some loser
board for and then if you can confirm
lee and take these over at some point
0.6 and go ahead and do that all right
you guys thanks guys